Docs: Update `migrate.sh` documentation (#2389)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/extensions/django-framework-extension.rst

Reviewer: Just had a thought. Does [the how-to guide on database migrations](https://canonical-charmcraft.readthedocs-hosted.com/latest/howto/manage-web-app-charms/use-web-app-charm/#migrate-the-workload-database) need to be updated as well?

for further information about tracing.

.. _django-migrate-sh:

> Regarding the ``migrate.sh`` file

Reviewer 2: Consider:

```suggestion
About the ``migrate.sh`` file
```

---------------------------------

If your app depends on a database it is common to run a database migration script before
app startup which, for example, creates or modifies tables. This can be done by

> including the ``migrate.sh`` script in the root of your project. It will be executed

Author: It automatically adds the `migrate.sh`. No changes to the `rockcraft.yaml` is required.

with the same environment variables and context as the Django app.

> If the migration script fails, the app won't be started and the app charm will go into
> blocked state. The migration script will be run on every unit and it is assumed that it
> is idempotent (can be run multiple times) and that it can be run on multiple units at
> the same time without causing issues. This can be achieved by, for example, locking any
> tables during the migration.

Reviewer 2: I know this is existing text, but I gave this a substantive review. Let me know if you think this is an improvement:

```suggestion
Charmcraft runs the migration script on every unit. In doing so, it assumes the script
is idempotent, meaning it doesn't mutate when rerun with the same input, and can be run
on multiple units at the same time. You can make your script idempotent by, for example,
locking any tables for the duration of the migration.

If the migration script fails, the app won't start, and the app charm becomes blocked.
```

Do we want to mention concurrency or parallelism?
